Today, we're going to talk about how
native speakers connect words in English.
This is called connected speech.
Often, sounds are reduced or changed when
words are spoken together.
We'll also learn about contractions.
Let's get started
.
Sometimes sounds are dropped when we
speak quickly.
Aquí inicia el ejercicio.
Recuerda que solo tienes que escucharlo
en esta primera parte.
No tienes que repetir.
I'm gonna go to the doctors tomorrow.
He shoulda gone to the store.
He shoulda, he shoulda, he shoulda, he
shoulda gone to the store.
He shoulda, he shoulda, he shoulda gone
to the store.
He shoulda, he shoulda, he shoulda.
I woulda gone if I had known.
I woulda, I woulda, I woulda, I woulda
gone if I had known.
I woulda, I woulda, I woulda.
You coulda told me earlier.
You coulda, you coulda, you coulda, you
coulda told me earlier.
coulda, you coulda, you coulda.
También hablar antes de elinden.
¡Gimme!
Let me know if you need anything.
Wanna go to the movies?
I gotta finish this today.
It's kinda funny how that happened.
I ran out of milk.
I need a cup of tea.
That's a lot of work.
Whatcha doing this weekend?
Whatcha, whatcha, whatcha doing this weekend?
Whatcha, whatcha, whatcha.
I don't know what to do.
Sí, tienes que darle a la pereza.
Aquí inicia el ejercicio.
No, no, no.
You have to go.
Have to pick up the groceries.
Wanna eat out tonight?
Cooja, help me with this.
Cuja, cuja, cuja, cuja, cuja, help me
with this
Cuja, cuja, cuja, cuja, help me with this
Cuja, cuja, cuja Would you come with me?
Wooja, wooja, wooja, wooja, come with me?
Wooja, wooja, wooja
Did y 'all see that movie?
Did y 'all, did y 'all, did y 'all, did y
'all see that movie?
Did y 'all, did y 'all, did y 'all
This shop has great deals.
That boy, that boy, that boy, that boy is
very tall.
That boy, that boy, that boy.
In Paris Right Now.
Lossier was amazing.
Lossier Lossier, Lossier Lossier was amazing.
Was amazing.
Lossier Lossier Lossier Lossier.
Goo girl did well Green bag is on the table
Decide rápido subirá tu inglés si sigues estudiando.
Aquí inicia el ejercicio.
Si sigues estudiando.
PUT IT PUT IT PUT IT PUT IT OVER THERE.
Utilizar, Ihnenición ,直接 tienen lo mismo.
Find out, find out, find out Get out of
the car
Get out, get out, get out, get out of the
car Get out, get out, get out, get out of
the car
Get out, get out, get out Hold on for a
second Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on
for a second
Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on for a second
Hold on, hold on, hold on
Turn it off, please
Turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it off, please
Así te va a atrapar el inglés si sigues
aprendiendo vocabulario.
Aquí inicia el ejercicio.
Recuerda que solo tienes que escucharlo
en esta primera parte, no tienes que repetir.
Q help me, Q help me with this problem, Q
help me, Q help me, Q come here.
Q Sexualel 3
You come here.
You.
They need help.
What do you think about this?
What a ya.
What do you think about this
? What do you think about this
?
What a ya.
I'm going to the store.
He's always late She's coming over later
She's she's she's she's coming over later
She's she's she's They're not here yet.
They're, they're, they're, they're not
here yet
They're, they're, they're We're going on vacation
We're, we're, we're, we're going on vacation
We're, we're, we're You're the best
You're, you're, you're, you're the best
You're, you're, you're
It's going to rain
It's, it's, it's, it's
going to rain
It's, it's, it's, it's going to rain
It's, it's, it's There's a problem with
the car There's, there's, there's,
there's a problem with the car There's,
there's, there's, there's a problem with
the car There's, there's, there's
Where's the nearest station?
Where's, where's, where's, where's the
nearest station?
Where's, where's, where's Who's coming to
the party?
Who's, who's, who's, who's coming to the party
?
Si haces lo que te decimos, vas a andar
como este carro de la Fórmula 1.
Aquí inicia el ejercicio.
I'm going, I'm going, I'm going, I'm
going to the store.
You're invited to the party.
You're, you're, you're, you're invited to
the party.
You're, you're, you're.
He's already finished.
He's, he's, he's, he's already finished.
He's, he's, he's.
She's leaving soon.
She's, she's, she's, she's leaving soon.
She's, she's, she's.
It's a beautiful day.
It's, it's, it's, it's a beautiful day
It's, it's, it's We're having a great time
We're, we're, we're, we're having a great time
We're, we're, we're, we're having a great
time We're, we're, we're They're going to
be late They're, they're, they're,
they're going to be late They're,
they're, they're, they're going to be
late They're, they're, they're
I'll see you later I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll
see you later I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll see
you later I'll, I'll, I'll You'll do great
You'll, you'll, you'll, you'll do great
You'll, you'll, you'll
He'll join us later
He'll, he'll, he'll, he'll join us later
He'll, he'll, he'll She'll be here soon
She'll, she'll, she'll, she'll be here
soon She'll, she'll, she'll, she'll be
here soon She'll, she'll, she'll It'll be fun
It'll, it'll, it'll, it'll be fun
It'll, it'll, it'll, it'll be fun It'll,
it'll, it'll We'll meet at noon
We'll, we'll, we'll, we'll meet at noon
We'll, we'll, we'll They'll arrive
tomorrow They'll, they'll, they'll,
they'll arrive tomorrow They'll arrive tomorrow
. I've finished my homework.
You've got to see this.
He's finished his work.
He's, he's, he's, he's finished his work.
He's, he's, he's.
She's already left.
She's, she's, she's, she's already left.
She's, she's, she's.
It's worked well for years.
It's, it's, it's, it's worked well for years
. It's, it's, it's, it's worked well for years.
It's, it's, it's.
We've been waiting.
We've, we've, we've, we've been waiting
We've, we've, we've They've got the
tickets They've, they've, they've,
they've got the tickets They've, they've,
they've, they've got the tickets They've,
they've, they've I'd love to go I'd, I'd,
I'd, I'd love to go I'd, I'd, I'd, I'd
love to go I'd, I'd, I'd
You'd better hurry You'd, you'd, you'd,
you'd better hurry
She'd appreciate your help.
She'd, she'd, she'd.
We'd, we'd, we'd, we'd, we'd be happy to help
.
They'd prefer a different time.
I'd finished by then.
I'd, I'd, I'd, I'd finished by then.
I'd, I'd, I'd.
You'd already seen that show.
He'd, he'd, he'd, he'd been waiting for hours.
He'd been waiting for hours
He'd gone home early It'd been a long day
We'd seen that movie before We'd seen
that movie before We'd seen that movie
before We'd seen that movie before They'd
already left They'd already left They'd
already left They'd